In your own words, what is the difference between frontend and backend web development? If you were hired to work on backend programming for a web application, what kinds of operations would you be working on?
The difference between front-end and back-end is what the users can see. Anything that the user will be able to see or interact with on their browser would be considered front-end, such as content in HTML, forms, inputs etc. Backend is not visible by the user but is often required for user interaction to work properly, and consists of things such as authorization and authentication, API requests, database manipulation, etc.
Imagine you’re working as a full-stack developer in the near future. Your team is asking for your advice on whether to use JavaScript or Python for a project, and you think Python would be the better choice. How would you explain the similarities and differences between the two languages to your team? Drawing from what you learned in this Exercise, what reasons would you give to convince your team that Python is the better option? 
I would suggest Python due to its ease of use and readability, as well as the built in packages such as `math`. With Python, devs weill be able to have smaller code files and fast delivery time as the packages included will shorten the code writing process significantly. It will also be easier to catch errors due to its readability, which will have another positive impact on cost/labour.
Now that you’ve had an introduction to Python, write down 3 goals you have for yourself and your learning during this Achievement. You can reflect on the following questions if it helps you. What do you want to learn about Python? What do you want to get out of this Achievement? Where or what do you see yourself working on after you complete this Achievement?
I want to streamline my setip process- I will need to be able to create a virtual environment and download any needed dependancies/packages using just knowledge of how to do this, rather than having to constantly look at my notes to remember the commands.
I want to be able to easily discern the similarities and differences between Python and JavaScript so I can do well in code interviews and team meetings.
The company that I have developed a website for has a product that utilizes Python for its code, and the company wants me maintain and update this code. I want to be proficient in Python so I can maintain and update the code for this product.
