1. What are databases and what are the advantages of using them?
A database in MySQL allows you to store data in an orgamized/standarized format.
The DB consists of tables, each with rows and columns that store data in the same format across the table. 
This allows for easy reading, adding and modifying of data items 

2. List 3 data types that can be used in MySQL and describe them briefly:

	INT - Standard integers (no decimals)
	VARCHAR(n) - String of variable length - `n` = max number of characters
	DATETIME - Datetime values

3. In what situations would SQLite be a better choice than MySQL?
SQLite would be better than MySQL if you have a simple database or a temporary one. It requires no setup and can store data in a file.

4. Think back to what you learned in the Immersion course. What do you think about the differences between JavaScript and Python as programming languages?
I can see how Python is better to use for certain backend operations, it has been much easier to setup and interact with a database 
in Python, and the built in commands and data types are very helpful. The syntactic differences, specifically indentation rather than 
semicolons as in JS have been a bit to get used to, but when I encounter errors I will definitely know to look there first. 

5. Now that you’re nearly at the end of Achievement 1, consider what you know about Python so far. What would you say are the limitations 
of Python as a programming language?
Limitations of Python are a slower runtime compared to JS, the lack of support for/ability to use it for mobile applications,
 and the syntactic minimality- having learned JS first, switching to Python has not been too difficult in regards to 
 syntactic changes (semicolons - indentation, etc) but I could see how someone might have a hard time learning JS after only knowing Python, 
 as rather than taking away things like semicolons and parenthesis but having them still implied, they will have to input something new for 
 functions and loops, which can be hard to remember and could lead to code errors.